{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shape Population Viewer\
\
Created 2013, COMP 523 Spring 2013, taught by David Stotts\
\
Developers: Michael Guarino, Matthew Leming, Joe Waggoner\
Clients: Martin Styner, Beatriz Paniagua\
\
UNC-Chapel Hill, Computer Science Department\
\
***********************************************************\
\
Requirements:\
-Mac OS X or Linux\
-CMake\
-Qt Designer\
-VTK libraries\
\
Compile the VTK libraries with CMake, then configure CMake to have the paths of Q saving the binaries to the ShapePopulationViewer.  You must also enable Qt.  See {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.vtk.org/Wiki/VTK/Tutorials/QtSetup"}}{\fldrslt http://www.vtk.org/Wiki/VTK/Tutorials/QtSetup}}.\
\
Once you have VTK compiled, delete the CMakeCache.txt file and set the paths to the ShapePopulationViewer folder in CMakeLists.txt. Set the aliases for cmake and ccmake. In the terminal, cd to the ShapePopulationViewer folder and run 'ccmake ../ShapePopulationViewer'. Set the following (press enter to edit):\
	CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE: Release\
	QT_QMAKE_EXECUTABLE: <Directory of the qmake file in Qt Designer>\
	VTK_DIR: <location of VTK binaries that CMake compiled>\
Press 'c' to configure, and press 'g' to generate. After you have exited from CMake, run 'make' in the terminal. This should compile ShapePopulationViewer. Double click on the icon to open up the GUI.\
\
To load images, select either individual .vtk images or folders of .vtk images. To alter the coloring, choose from phi or theta coloring. Drag the mouse to alter the views. You can also flip the meshes and set all of the meshes to an axial view.\
}